       The Web Template Output Additional Permission, Version 3.0
       
This Web Template Output Additional Permission ("Additional Permission") is
an additional permission under section 7 of the GNU Affero General Public
License, version 3 ("AGPLv3"). It applies to any Program that includes or
references this Additional Permission.

1. DEFINITIONS

"Website Output" means a covered work in the HTML, CSS, and/or Javascript
languages, that was output from running a covered work and is propagated to
the general public.

The "Output Licenses" are, for covered works written in HTML, the Creative
Commons Public Domain Dedication 1.0 Universal or any later version as
published by Creative Commons, Inc. ("CC0"), and, for covered works written
in CSS and Javascript, the GNU Lesser General Public License Version 3 or any
later version of that license as published by the Free Software Foundation,
Inc. ("LGPLv3-or-later").

2. Grant of Additional Permission.

The Website Output is licensed to you under the Output Licenses provided that
it is unmodified, or is modified Website Output comprised only of: (a)
Website Output generated by the unmodified Program and (b) content that was
not already a covered work.

No additional permission is granted for any covered works that are not HTML,
CSS, and/or Javascript.

3. No Weakening Of Copyleft.

The availability of this Additional Permission does not imply any general
presumption that software is unaffected by the copyleft requirements of the
AGPLv3 license of this Program or another Program separately licensed under
AGPLv3.

4. Revised Versions of this Additional Permission.

The Software Freedom Conservancy, Inc. ("Conservancy") may publish revised
and/or new versions of this Additional Permission from time to time.  Such
new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ
in detail to address new problems or concerns.

Each version is given a distinguishing version number.  If the Program
specifies that a certain numbered version of this Additional Permission "or
any later version" applies to it, you have the option of following the terms
and conditions either of that numbered version or of any later version
published by Conservancy.  If the Program does not specify a version number
of this Additional Permission, you may choose any version ever published by
Conservancy.

If the Program specifies that a proxy can decide which future versions of
this Additional Permission can be used, that proxy's public statement of
acceptance of a version permanently authorizes you to choose that version for
the Program.

Later Additional Permission versions may give you additional or different
permissions.  However, no additional obligations are imposed on any author or
copyright holder as a result of your choosing to follow a later version.

5. Meta-License

The actual text of this Additional Permission is made available under CC0.

Software Freedom Conservancy, Inc. asks that you rename this Additional
Permission and remove our name from any modified version of this Additional
Permission.
